I heard you. You want to know how you
can finally fall back into your
softness, into your femininity. You want
to get out of that controlling masculine
shield that keeps you doing too much,
that keeps you giving too much, that
keeps you feeling drained. Let me tell
you, queen, in today's video, all your
questions will be answered. And after
the video, you will know what to do and
what not to do and how you can just sit
back and finally flow. Hi guys, welcome
back to my channel. My name is Michaela
and today I want to talk about
femininity. There is such a big
misconception about femininity,
masculinity, and being a woman. So I
want to get all the questions answered.
Let's get into this. First of all, I
want you to understand that femininity
and masculinity has just so much to do
with being a woman and being a man.
There are men out there who can be very
feminine and there are women out there
who can be very masculine. Or better
said, as a woman, you can be dominantly
in your masculinity, in your masculine
energy, and a man can be dominantly in
his feminine energy. We all carry both
of it in us. And of course, in certain
circumstances of our life, in certain
moments in our life, we tend to lean
more into femininity or masculinity. It
depends on what we need in that moment.
The problem starts to arise when we
forget how to soften as a woman. When we
forget how to slow down and fall back
into our femininity, that femininity
that we carry in us and that femininity
that makes our life easy. If we keep
being stuck in our masculine energy, we
will feel drained because we are not
men. Men are meant to be in their
masculinity
dominantly. Men are meant to be the
doers. Men are meant to be the bread
winners. Men are just built to do more,
to give more, to be achieving all the
time. And I'm not saying that women are
not meant to do that or women are weak
and cannot do it. No, as women, we can
achieve as much as men do, but in a
different way. We can just not be all
the time in our masculinity because as I
said it's going to drain us. We are not
built for that. We have different
hormones than men and men's hormone
cycle is renewing every day. Women's
hormone cycle is renewing every month.
So our cycle takes a month, the man's
cycle takes a day. A man doesn't need as
much sleep. A man is simply driven by
different hormones and they work
differently than women. And women can
achieve as much as men do. But they
don't need to be in the masculine energy
to achieve and do and get everything
done as the men do because we have the
power of femininity. And femininity is
our birthright. If you believe it or
not, you are not meant to wake up at
6:00 a.m. every day, go to work at 8:00
a.m. and work 8 hours a day. You are not
meant to do this. Women are not built to
do this. And in today's world, sometimes
we cannot get out of this because we are
pushed into this society. We are pushed
into this masculine-driven society. But
it doesn't mean we cannot take steps to
still nurture our femininity the best
way possible. Now what is feminine
energy? So feminine energy is the energy
that is flowing. You can imagine it like
water. Femininity is like water. We are
flowing. We are very powerful but we are
flowing with life. And for example, if
you think about a glass and you put
water in the glass, the water takes the
form of the glass to fit in there. Don't
understand me wrong right now. I'm
saying that a woman doesn't force
herself into a form. Water doesn't build
the form of the glass. A glass, a
container is given for a woman that a
woman can flow into it. and take up the
space in there. Femininity is about
being soft, is about being receptive, is
about being kind, is about being warm.
Femininity is not being submissive, is
not being weak, is not wearing pink all
the time. It's all about energy. And
this energy, this intuitive feminine
energy is something so powerful. And
also when you learn to step into that
femininity, you will see that your life
will be even better than it is now
without doing so much because we are
receptive beings. We are here to be our
best versions of ourselves and to have
the best life without doing so much. So
for example, if you are in your
femininity, if you are embodying your
feminine energy, then you surrender to
whatever moment comes to you. Let's say
there is a plan change in today's plan
or tomorrow's plan or next week's plan
and you are either completely annoyed
because it doesn't go as planned and you
want to force to make this plan still
happen. That would be being in your
masculine energy. Or you step in your
femininity and you say, "Okay, I
surrender to what is." The fact is that
the plan changed and I surrender to
that. I take what comes because I know
it happens for my best. I know whatever
happens is for my best version of
myself, is for my highest version of
myself. So, if a plant changes, I'm
probably being protected from something.
Femininity is also emotional. Femininity
doesn't just suppress emotions because
emotions don't bring you further. No, as
a feminine woman, as embodying this
feminine energy, you can just express
your emotions. If you're sad, you're
sad, you express it. If you're angry,
you're angry, you express it. If you're
happy, you're happy. You express it. And
of course, when you're feminine, you are
also very magnetic. You are attracting
people and you are attracting masculine
men because guess what? When you are in
your femininity, you attract the
opposite. But when you keep being in
your masculine energy, you will also
attract a feminine guy. You will attract
a guy who is emotional, who doesn't know
what to do with his life, who is flowing
with life, who is just not having a
plan, who is not responsible, and can
not provide for you because you are in
your masculinity. The biggest signs for
you being disconnected from that
feminine energy is when you feel stuck
in your head or you feel like you're
only attracting partner who are
emotionally
unavailable or for example you are
overdoing and overplanning and
overcontrolling everything in your life.
Those are signs that you are not in your
femininity. Also, difficulty receiving
love and compliments is another sign of
not being in that feminine energy. So
there was a time in my life where I was
so much in my masculine energy that
first of all I would attract partner who
were feminine and emotionally
unavailable and second of all I was not
happy at all. I was trying to control
every outcome. I was trying to control
my life. I was trying to control and
plan what I'm going to do with my life.
And it sounds amazing maybe, but it's
not feminine. And it kept me stuck in my
head. And I felt so drained. I felt so
drained and disconnected from my body
that I came to a point I didn't even
want to live anymore. And at first, I
didn't know what it was. But when I got
to understand I am in my masculine
energy and I am not supposed to be there
because I am a woman and being a woman
is a gift because as a woman we come
with so many beautiful hormones sides of
ourselves so many adjectives that are
nurturing that
are unique to women. I got to
understand I need to change something.
And once I changed, once I started
implementing steps that brought me more
into my femininity, that made me soften,
that made me be more myself, just coming
back to who I am naturally as a woman,
that changed my life. And that was when
everything was flowing. Suddenly my
business was working. Suddenly I met a
man that was in his masculinity and
wanted to take care of me, wanted to
provide for me. Suddenly I was almost
getting everything from universe gifted
to me without doing a lot because I was
receptive. I was doing my work, but when
my body said, "Listen, you need to rest.
Listen, it's too much." I did that and I
still was getting everything I could
have imagined. So, why do you want to be
in your masculinity when you can be
having the same life or even a much
better life when you finally step into
your soft feminine version of yourself?
You will ask now how I did that and what
can you do to do that too. And I will
give you now a few points that will
explain exactly what you can do, how you
can implement and how you can soften in
your daily. The first thing is surrender
control. Do yourself a favor and let go
of needing to know everything. If it's
from your boyfriend, the guy you date,
from your friends, from the world, the
news, what's going to happen tomorrow,
what's going to happen next week in one
month. Let go of that because first of
all, that keeps you stuck in your head,
and second of all, it doesn't do you any
good. Why would you want to know more
than universe, than life presents you to
know? Why would you spend energy on
knowing something that you shouldn't
know? And believe me, once you let go of
that need, you will know everything that
you need to know. And I can tell you one
example. I was in a relationship and my
partner was lying to me. And as a woman,
we feel when something is not right. We
feel when something is going on, right?
But I let go the need of needing to
know. So I just surrendered to what is.
I had my emotions. I felt it. I
expressed my emotions. And then a few
days later, my partner came to me and
told me, "Listen, babe. I have to tell
you something. I lied to you that day."
I was like, I knew it. I knew it. But
without forcing it, the information came
to me because I kept trusting that
everything will happen for my highest
good. And if something happened that I
don't need to know, better to not know.
And I have another example for you. A
few years ago, I was in a relationship
and I was in my masculinity. I felt that
something was off. I thought my
boyfriend lied to me. So I kept
pressuring him to tell me what happened.
I need to know right now because I know
I feel it that something is off and I
pressured and pressured and pressured.
First of all, we had a massive fight and
second of all, it came out that he lied
to me because he went to get a gift for
me to surprise me. And of course, I
destroyed the whole surprise. I
destroyed the whole moment for him and
for myself too because I didn't
surrender. I didn't let go. Honey, you
have to believe when you need to know
something in the right time, you will
know about it. And when you don't know
and you shouldn't know, you will never
know. And that's fine. Simply learn to
allow life to lead you and trust that
everything happens for your highest
good. And you can train that, you can
practice that by doing yin yoga. Yin
yoga is wonderful because you are in
certain yoga poses that might are
difficult, that might are uncomfortable,
but you learn to sit through it through
breathing. You learn to really surrender
to that moment of pain, of uncertainty,
of not wanting to be there, but you
breathe through it. And with breathing,
you will feel how your muscles let go of
that. how your muscles surrender to that
moment and let go of that stress that
you give yourself. So, yin yoga is a
game changer also for your posture
because some girls were asking me how
can I keep always my straight posture
easy you do yin yoga and apart from that
as I said it's amazing to help you trust
in life and let life lead you and soften
another thing you can do is put yourself
in unplanned situations by intention you
want to have one or two days in the week
where you don't know what you're going
to do. You do not plan anything and you
say yes when someone calls you and ask
you last minute to do something. You can
learn slowly to surrender to life and
you will see you do that a few times and
every time you do something unplanned
last minute it turns out to be the best
thing because that's something life
brought to you. The second thing you can
do is to activate your senses.
Femininity is not living here.
Femininity is living here and in your
body in all over your body. So how can
you activate your senses and get out of
here? Yoga candles. Wear something that
makes you feel good. I'm almost only
wearing fabrics that make me feel
comfortable. fabrics that are soft,
fabrics like cotton, silk, linen,
fabrics that make my body breathe. Also,
get yourself flowers regularly just for
the sake of having your senses
activated. Have something nice in your
living room like a flower bouquet and
smell on your flower bouquet once a day,
twice a day and just have that view on
beautiful flowers, fresh flowers, the
color. For example, for me, I love
tulips because tulips they represent for
me life. They represent for me energy
but softness in the same time. And I
love the color. It makes me feel so good
to look at tulips in my living room. And
you should do that too. Find some
flowers. Even if it's one flower a week,
put it on your table and enjoy it every
day. The third thing is to express your
emotions freely without filter.
Femininity is actually a bit chaotic
sometimes but is raw. It's unfiltered
and that means when you feel rage scream
you are allowed to scream. You can, for
example, what I do sometimes, I take the
pillow and I scream in the pillow
because I feel a buildup of rage in me
and I need to let it out. If I swallow
it down, if I suppress it, I'm not
feeling good. And I will start to be
here and will start to rationalize my
emotion. And that's what's destroying
your femininity. That's what's keeping
you up here. And you will never be in
here. You will never be in your body if
you are not learning to express your
emotions. If you are sad, cry. If you
feel happy, laugh. How long did I
suppress my happiness? Because I didn't
know how to express happiness. And
that's such a sad thing because
happiness is beautiful. Happiness can
even make you tear up when you're really
happy. when you really try to think
about something like your biggest dream.
Imagine your biggest dream and it comes
true. Like even now when I think about
it, I'm I'm getting goosebumps and I'm
almost starting to tear up because it
makes me happy. It makes me feel
amazing. So always express all your
emotions. I was trying to suppress
negative emotions like rage, sadness,
and I wanted to only express positive
emotions. But as I told you, I didn't
even know how to express happiness
because I suppressed the other side of
the spectrum. You cannot be happy
without being able to feel sad. You
cannot
feel love without being able to feel
hate and rage. It doesn't work. You need
to be able to express all of it in order
to be able to feel all of it.
Unfortunately, you cannot choose and
pick which emotions you want to feel and
express and which not. The next thing
you can do to be more soft, to be more
feminine is to train to receive without
guilt. As I said, femininity is all
about being receptive. Now the thing is
you cannot be receptive to universe if
you say no to everything around you. If
you say no to someone opening you the
door, letting you walk through first,
universe will hear that. God will see
that and will think she doesn't want
anything. She's good with what she has.
You are blocking your blessings by
saying no and not wanting to receive
help, gifts, compliment, love, and
support. Receiving is your almost like a
cheat code. You as a woman are made to
receive. Like you are this spiritual
being that is put here on earth to
receive. You are so different than a man
because a man is not connected to that.
A man is just doing to receive. But
you're actually put here to sit, be, and
receive. So if you're saying I don't
want to receive, you're saying I don't
want to be a woman. You have to stop
that, honey. If a man wants to open you
the door, let him do that. If a man
wants to give you a gift, let him do
that. What you can do, for example, next
time you are driving in a car with a
man, once the car stopped and you
parked, stay in the car, sit and wait
until this man is opening you the door.
Whenever you go to a shopping mall,
whenever you go through a door with a
man, wait until this man is opening the
door for you. With that, you're not only
training yourself to be able to receive,
you're also saying, listen, I'm having a
standard in men. If I want to be around
a man, I want the man to be providing
for me. I want the man to be able to
step up in his masculinity and giving a
container for me. It's the bare minimum
to open the door for a woman. It's the
bare minimum to pull the chair for a
woman to sit down. It's the bare minimum
to bring flowers for a woman. It's the
bare minimum that your man is making
sure that you feel safe around him.
Those are bare minimum things that you
need to learn yourself to be able to
receive and others around you to make
clear, hey, listen, that's what I'm
expecting. That's what I want to be
treated. And everyone who doesn't give
me that, I do not allow in my
surroundings. I know who I am and I know
what I bring with my femininity to this
space. I'm not willing to bring it to
any space if I'm not being respected and
treated the way I want to be treated.
So, next time someone is giving you a
compliment, you say, "Thank you." Even
if it's a woman, you say, "Thank you,
baby. Thank you, honey. Thank you."
Don't say, "I don't like what I'm
wearing. I look normal today. Oh, but
you look much better than me." Say,
"Thank you.
Say it from your heart and receive it
without guilt. The next and last thing
you can implement in your daily day to
be more feminine, to be more soft, is to
romanticize your life. Get yourself
flowers. Do slow walks. Allow some space
in your schedule just to be, not to do,
do
do. If you have a tight schedule every
day, block one hour. If you can and if
one hour is not possible for you then
block 10 minutes to just be to do
nothing just be for some period of time.
That's the only way how you can allow
the flow. How you can learn to be
feminine and just to be. You can also
start creative hobbies. Go for arts
class. Go for a dance class. You can
also dress up how you want. What I like
to do is to really dress up like a girly
girl or like a princess vibe kind of. It
makes me feel so good. It makes me feel
so beautiful. It makes me feel so
nurtured from myself because when I'm
wearing something that makes me feel
like a
princess, there is nothing that can stop
me because
I'm radiating happiness. I'm radiating
life. And even if you're going outside
for shopping, even if you're not going
outside, dress up for yourself. Do it
for yourself. And if dressing up means
for you to wear a flowy skirt or a
dress, then that's how it is. If that
makes you feel comfortable, if that
makes you feel good in your body, do it.
And do it more often. From now on, I
want you to ask yourself every day, what
can I do today to be more soft? What can
I do today to step more into my
femininity? You can literally do one of
the things mentioned every day. It's
small practices that don't change who
you are. They make you fall back into
your softness. Fall back into your
femininity. Because femininity is not
something you have to learn to be.
Femininity is already in you. You just
need to unlearn what's not feminine. You
need to unlearn what's not meant for
you. You need to unlearn what a woman is
not in order to just be. Anyways guys, I
hope so much this could help. I hope you
can take something from those points and
implement it in your daily. And I hope
you can experience the beauty of being a
woman with the full spectrum of being a
woman. Thank you so much for watching. I
love you so so much. And I see you in my
next video.